Objective: Get your grade 10!

    Grade 10 Quiz:

        10 Questions:

            2 Algebra:

            2 Grammar:

            2 Biology:

            2 Spanish:


Make dialogue class and function that prints out dialogue interface to the screen. 
Will also include a dialogue tree.

Linked List for tree 

Pop-Up Script:

    Randy:

        I got you, buddy! You're now under temporary trailer arrest. Good luck studying for your grade ten! I'm off to get me a dirty burger....

    Julian:

        Intro:

        Hey man, who are you? I haven't seen you around the trailer park before. Anyway, I'm Julian, one of the boys. Feel free to explore a bit, 
        just watch out for Randy, he's not too keen on trespassers around the park. You can recognize him by his giant gut, as he always walks around 
        without a shirt on, even though we tell him to wear one. anyway, I'm running low on ice cubes in my trailer, so if you happen to come across
        the ice chest, I'd appreciate it if you grabbed a bag for me. The ice cubes are usually free. Just try to stay away from Randy.

        Returning with item:

        Did you get my ice cubes? (YES) Thanks, man, I really appreciate it. You know, it's hard to find kind people like 
        you nowadays, especially with the way things are going with Randy and everyone else in the park. Here, have a rum and coke on me. Feel free 
        to stop by whenever too, I could introduce you to some of the boys.

        Returning without item:

        Did you get my ice cubes? (NO) Dangit! I thought you would be faster than that! Well, if you find the ice chest, you'll know what to do. 
        Just don't wait too long, this dang summer heat's killin me in my trailer, especially after Rickey stole my AC.


    Ricky:

        Intro:

        Hey buddy, you got a smoke? Frickin Tracey stole my cigarettes and all I have is this useless lighter. Sorry, buddy, it's been a rough week.
        Randy's been on my case, I don't have any frickin chicken fingers, and frickin Cyrus shot me in the foot again. Speaking of chicken fingers, I think
        there's some in Phil Collin's trailer, if you don't mind heading over there. Phil doesen't like em that much anyway. 
        I'll pay ya, just don't tell Julian. If you need me, I'll be chillin here at my car.

        Returning with item:

        Do you have my chicken fingers? (YES) Holy crap, thanks dude! You don't know how badly I've been craving some chicken fingers lately, 
        especially after getting shot in the foot, it really takes a lot out of you. Don't worry about Phil, he prefers cheeseburgers anyway.
        Here's $4 for your time. You know what, take a chicen finger too, you deserve it.

        Returning without item:

        Do you have my chicken fingers? (NO) No worries buddy. If you stop by Phil's trailer, he's usually gone during the day, so you won't have to 
        worry about him getting all upset about the chicken fingers.


    Bubbles:

        Intro:

        Julian is that you? My kitty, Sargent Meowenstein's gone missing! GUH OWW... I knew I should have had him declawed. Stinkin cats always go 
        missing or run up a tree someplace. Speaking of trees, there's a great big Oak tree sittin in the middle of the park. Would you mind headin 
        over there to see if you can find Sargent Meowenstein? I'll pay ya a pretty penny. Oh... I never should've left you out of my sight, 
        Sargent Meowenstein...
        I'll be working on my shopping carts here at my shed it you find him.

        Returning with item:

        Did ya find my kitty? (YES) Oh Mr. Meowenstein! Thank you Julian, you don'y know how much he means to me. Silly cats. I better keep him in
        his cage for the time being, the little escape artist... Anyway here's $50, that should help you with getting your new Air Conditioner. Also
        feel free to use one of my shopping carts for storage or transportation.

        Returning without item:

        Did ya find my kitty? (NO) Oh geez!... What am I gonna do?! He's gotta be around here somewhere. I doubt he'd run off on me like Ms. Peanut did.
        You really gotta help me out here Julian, Sargent Meowerstein is my number one shed mouser. I really don't want to let anymore mice into my
        shed than I have to.